Add example on creating signal from tabular data (#3246)
hyperspy/hyperspy: upcoming_changes/3246.doc.rst

> Add example on creating signal from tabular data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add examples on creating signal from tabular data or reading from a simple text file
```
